Node cached profile fix (#3673)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/CHANGELOG.md

- Generalized and updated the README. [#3367](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3367)
- Added ability to pass the `OverrideWithEnv` property to the `imperative.ProfileInfo` class when the setting "Override with Environment Variables" is enabled. When enabled, environment variables such as `ZOWE_OPT_USER` and `ZOWE_OPT_PASSWORD` take priority over properties specified in the team configuration. [#3591](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3591)
- Implemented the `Paginator` class, providing a generic facility for extenders to paginate tree nodes within their own tree views. [#3585](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3585)

> - Added an optional parameter of `ProfileCache` instance to `ZoweTreeNode.getProfile` to fix an issue seen with out of date profile information within tree views. [#3664](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3664)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optional `profilesCache` parameter to `ZoweTreeNode.getProfile` to fix an issue seen with out of date profile information within tree views. When provided, the tree node uses that cache to obtain profile information. [#3664](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3664)
```
